Add runtimes in reference (#340)
k3s-io/docs: docs/reference/env-variables.md

Setting `K3S_URL` without explicitly setting an exec command will default the command to "agent".

When running the agent, `K3S_TOKEN` must also be set.

:::info Version Gate
Available as of October 2024 releases: v1.28.15+k3s1, v1.29.10+k3s1, v1.30.6+k3s1, v1.31.2+k3s1.

> K3s will now use `PATH` to find runtimes, but it's necessary to add the `PATH` within the `k3s.service.env` or `k3s-agent.service.env` if you are using a agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
K3s will now use `PATH` to find alternative container runtimes, in addition to checking the default paths used by the container runtime packages. In order to use this feature, you must modify the K3s service's PATH environment variable to add the directories containing the container runtime binaries.
```

This example will add the `PATH` to `k3s.service.env` in the default directory:

```bash

> echo PATH=$PATH >> /etc/systemd/system/k3s.service.env

Reviewer: This file is overwritten by the install script whenever it is run, we should not recommend that users modify it because changes to it may be lost. We should instead recommend one of the other two env files:
```
EnvironmentFile=-/etc/default/k3s # or k3s-agent
EnvironmentFile=-/etc/sysconfig/k3s # or k3s-agent
```

```

:::warning

> `PATH` changes should be done with care to avoid security breaches or attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PATH` changes should be done with care to avoid placing untrusted binaries in the path of services that run as root.
```

Setting `K3S_URL` without explicitly setting an exec command will default the command to "agent".

When running the agent, `K3S_TOKEN` must also be set.

> :::info Version Gate
> Available as of October 2024 releases: v1.28.15+k3s1, v1.29.10+k3s1, v1.30.6+k3s1, v1.31.2+k3s1.

Reviewer: End the INFO block
```suggestion
:::info Version Gate
Available as of October 2024 releases: v1.28.15+k3s1, v1.29.10+k3s1, v1.30.6+k3s1, v1.31.2+k3s1.
:::
```

K3s will now use `PATH` to find alternative container runtimes, in addition to checking the default paths used by the container runtime packages. In order to use this feature, you must modify the K3s service's PATH environment variable to add the directories containing the container runtime binaries.

It's recommended that you modify one of this two environment files:

- /etc/default/k3s # or k3s-agent
- /etc/sysconfig/k3s # or k3s-agent

This example will add the `PATH` in `/etc/default/k3s`:

```bash
echo PATH=$PATH >> /etc/default/k3s
```

> :::warning
> 
> `PATH` changes should be done with care to avoid placing untrusted binaries in the path of services that run as root.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
`PATH` changes should be done with care to avoid placing untrusted binaries in the path of services that run as root.
:::
```
